README.md, before:


# Moviepod
![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/7OGKVPn.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
Welcome to Moviepod. This simple app shows the top 20 popular movies updated daily on [themoviedb.org](https://www.themoviedb.org/)

## Installation

Step 1: 
clone the repo below
```ruby--
git clone git@github.com:pjavadi84/moviepod.git
```

Step 2:
while on moviepod directory, type:
```
bundle Install 
```

Step 3: 
run the file by typing: 
```
ruby bin/run
```

<!--Add this line to your application's Gemfile:-->

<!--```ruby-->
<!--gem 'moviepod'-->
<!--```-->

<!--And then execute:-->

<!--    $ bundle-->

<!--Or install it yourself as:-->

<!--    $ gem install moviepod-->

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/'brainy-architecture-4516'/moviepod. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Moviepod project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/'brainy-architecture-4516'/moviepod/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

updating README and adding usage

README.md, after:


# Moviepod
![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/7OGKVPn.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
Welcome to Moviepod. This simple app shows the top 20 popular movies updated daily on [themoviedb.org](https://www.themoviedb.org/)

## Installation

Step 1: 
clone the repo below
```ruby--
git clone git@github.com:pjavadi84/moviepod.git
```

Step 2:
while on moviepod directory, type:
```
bundle install 
```

Step 3: 
run the file by typing: 
```
ruby bin/run
```


## Usage

The user will be welcomed to the app and the app load the list of the movies listed by numbers. The user is given an option to either dig down to 
see the details of a specific movie by typing the number associated with the movie, OR typing 'exit' to exit the app entirely. If the 
user typed a string or a number that is not within the list's range, the user will be given an instruction to enter a number again or 
exit the app. 

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/'brainy-architecture-4516'/moviepod. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Moviepod project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/'brainy-architecture-4516'/moviepod/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
